tsh: add app logins command. (#67899)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/cli/tsh.mdx

Reviewer: Should we also update existing AWS CLI guides to mention this new command?

Author: Sure, makes sense. I'll have a look into it.

|---|---|---|
|app|*no default* (required)|App name to retrieve credentials for. Can be obtained from `tsh apps ls` output.|

## tsh apps logins

> List available logins for an application.

Reviewer: Should we explicitly say for a "Cloud console application"?

I would also suggest expanding the command description to add these details. As a user, it likely won't be immediately clear to me what logins are being referred to.

```suggestion
List available logins for a Cloud console application.
```

Usage:

```code
$ tsh apps logins [<flags>] <app>
```

Flags:

|Flag|Default|Description|
|---|---|---|
|`-f`, `--format`|`text` (one of: `text`, `json`, `yaml`)|Format output (text, json, yaml).|

Arguments:

|Argument|Default|Description|
|---|---|---|

> |app|*no default* (required)|App name to list logins for.|

Reviewer: Same here, explicitly say that the app is expected to be an AWS, Azure or GCP console app (only AWS for now?).

Author: Thanks, will do.
Yes, currently we only support AWS, but I've created tickets to add support for GCP and Azure as well.
I can add description for the app parameter as follows:
```
App name to list logins for (AWS console).
```

> |app|*no default* (required)|App name to list logins for (AWS console).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|app|*no default* (required)|App name to list logins for. Currently only AWS is supported.|
```
